{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13540\viewh10040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Poverty Project\

\b0\fs24 Under this bucket, you will find data sets and corresponding imagery for Bangladesh and India. Imagery for each country/survey includes Landsat, Sentinel-1, and Sentinel-2, in both visualized and multispectral bands tiff formats. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Bangladesh
\b0 \
\
\ul Data Description\ulnone :\
Bangladesh_CE_2011.csv & Bangladesh_CE_2015\ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
a01: Identification number for each household and it can be used to match imagery\
totexp_m: Monthly Consumption Expenditure per household, including food consumption, nonfood consumption, and consumer durables\
div: division number\
District: district number\
*note: div, District may not be useful for analysis but could be helpful to find points in close geography\
lat: Latitude\
long: Longitude\
*note: two data files are from the same survey. Same households were interviewed for two rounds, in year 2011 and 2015. The 2015 data file has larger sample size because they interviewed more households. In addition, 2015 data has decimal places because members from the same household left the original household and built a new one. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Imagery naming convention:\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Statellite_CompositeType_Country_(Year)_ImageryType_Size_a01
\i0 \
Satellite: l8 = Landsat 8; s1 = Sentinel-1\
CompositeType: median = annual median composite\
Country: Bangladesh\
Year: when there is no year variable, it is year 2015\
ImageryType: vis=visuallized RGB bands image; multiband = six bands including RGB bands\
Size: 500x500 = 500 pixels by 500 pixels\
a01: identification number that can be matched to consumption variable in data sets\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 India [2012]
\b0 \
\
\ul Data Description:\ulnone \
India_pov_pop.csv\
\
id: Identification number\
secc_hh: SECC Rural number of households in village\
secc_pop: SECC Rural village population\
secc_pop_scaled: SECC Rural village population scaled for children and additional adults\
secc_cons: SECC Rural village monthly consumption\
secc_pov_rate: SECC Rural village poverty rate - the share of households living under $2 PPP per capita\
secc_pov_rate_tend: SECC Rural village poverty rate - the share of households living under 27 rupees\
secc_cons_per_hh: SECC Rural mean household monthly consumption for each village\
secc_cons_per_cap: SECC Rural mean individual monthly consumption for each village\
secc_cons_per_cap_scaled: SECC Rural average individual monthly consumption for each village sclaed for children\
pc11_hh: PC11 number of households in village\
pc11_pop: PC11 village population\
pc11_cons: PC11 village monthly consumption\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Note: \
* There are in total 568002 villages
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 * \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Poverty: there are two different poverty rate variables. One uses the Tendulkar Committee rate that was the official \
Indian rate in 2012 when the survey was collected (27 rupees per person per day) and the poverty rate by $2/person/day PPP\
in 2012.\'a0\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 * \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consumption per capita: we report total consumption divided by total population, and divided by scaled population where adults (age 3 and above) in the HH count for .85 and children .75.\'a0\
* The difference between secc_cons (total consumption in village according to SECC) and pc11_cons is that pc11_cons \
takes consumption per household from the SECC and then multiplies by the number of households in the Population Census. \
The reason for this is that we think due to various issues, SECC is probably best described as a (very large) random sample of \
the village, and thus the Pop Census is going to be more accurate for the village totals.\'a0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Imagery naming convention:\
\ulnone Coming soon\
}